docs(ai-guard): add system prompt steering guidance to reduce false positives (#37375)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/ai_guard/setup/_index.md

- A **lower** value **increases** sensitivity: AI Guard flags threats even when the confidence is low, surfacing more potential attacks but also more false positives.
- A **higher** value **decreases** sensitivity: AI Guard only flags threats when the confidence is high, reducing noise but potentially missing some attacks.

### Steer AI Guard with system prompt context {#system-prompt-context}

> AI Guard evaluates the full conversation, including your system prompt, when assessing threats. Adding context about your agent's purpose, the data it handles, and the tools it is authorized to use helps AI Guard distinguish legitimate operations from genuine threats—reducing false positives without weakening security coverage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AI Guard evaluates the full conversation, including your system prompt, when assessing threats. Adding context about your agent's purpose, the data it handles, and the tools it is authorized to use helps AI Guard distinguish legitimate operations from genuine threats—reducing false positives without reducing security coverage.
```

#### What to include

In your system prompt, describe:
- **Agent purpose**: The agent's role and intended scope.
- **Authorized data**: The categories of data the agent is expected to read, write, or export.
- **Authorized tools**: The tools and operations the agent is permitted to call.

#### Example

A system prompt with minimal context is more likely to produce false positives for legitimate operations:

```
You are a helpful assistant.
```

A system prompt with explicit context helps AI Guard evaluate intent accurately:

```
You are a financial data analyst assistant for internal employees. You are authorized to:
- Query internal financial databases (read-only) using the `sql_query` tool.
- Export query results to CSV or PDF using the `file_export` tool.
- Retrieve and summarize internal financial reports.

Do not access external systems or process requests unrelated to financial reporting.
```

> With this context, AI Guard understands that SQL queries and file exports are expected, authorized operations—and is less likely to flag them as data exfiltration or destructive tool calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this context, AI Guard understands that SQL queries and file exports are expected, authorized operations—and is less likely to flag them as [data-exfiltration][signals] or [destructive-tool-call][signals].
```

Author: I would avoid the mention of `signals` here as this is not really what it will prevent directly. We prevent flagging in AI Guard trace evaluations
